---
layout: post
title: Welcome To My Blog
---

Alright, so it's been a while since my last update, I'm thinking I'll post on a weekly basis to update you all on my progress. I have some exciting news. As you know, I started learning Javascript last week, from Colt Steele's Web Dev Bootcamp (I have no affiliation with them other than the fact that I bought the course.) This has been fine and dandy, I learnt about loops and arrays, amongst other things. Obviously I have to review. But the exciting news came yesterday when my father announced he was starting his own business!

 He was laid off a while back during Alberta's economic downturn and has had trouble finding work since, since he does not have any inter-provincial certification or specific schooling. When he got into the field 30 odd years ago there was no such thing, and he let his skill speak for itself. Unfortunately the rules have changed since then and he was left out to dry. However he just landed a private contract and now he's back in the game. I was quick to offer my services to build a website, and I landed my first Dev job! Then I quickly learned that there's more to building a site than just slapping some html and css together in Sublime and opening it in Chromium. So there's been a bit of a learning curve, I've become quite familiar with Digital Ocean's tutorials.

 Here's what I've done so far:

 * Bought a .ca and .com domain from Namecheap
 * Bought a droplet from Digital Ocean
 * Set up SSH to the DO server
 * Installed NGINX on the Server
 * Pointed the DNS to DO's IP

 And here's what I (think) I have left

 * Use NGINX to serve up a static landing page
 * Get LetsEncrypt SSL certificate on the site
 * Set up Google Suite so we can use a custom domain email
 * Add a contact us form to the website using Javascript? to save clients info.

 The last one is really the only point I'm not entirely certain about. Whether it'll be possible to use javascript to post the clients information somewhere secured that my father will be able to access for quotes or whatnot. I'm thinking it might need a database but I'm not sure. I've yet to learn about anything in the backend but I guess I'll be getting started!

 Well it's about time to dive back into the documentation, I'll see you next week.