---
layout: post
title: Welcome To My Blog
---

Hi there! My name is Alan Dee and I'm starting this blog as a way to chronicle the start of my web development journey. About a month back I read something about codecademy on reddit and I figured "what the hell." So after a day or two of that and some (a lot) of time on reddit I found out about the wonderful world of web development. Not knowing where to start, I split my time between codecademy, freecodecamp, and Brad Traversy's beginner to HTML/CSS crash course on YouTube for the first week or so. Seeing a lot of recommendations for Colt Steele's The Web Developer Bootcamp prompted me to buy that for a mere $15. While I was getting started with that I also signed up for GitHub, downloaded Ubuntu onto an old laptop of mine, and started learning command line Git.

Somewhere around the Bootstrap module of the Web Dev Bootcamp I started putting together a landing page for a fictional Granite Repair Service, coincidentally that's the trade I'm in right now. I have a friend who is considering going into business on his own so I figured building a website for him would be good practice, and this way I would just have to change the title and it'd be ready for him. The granite shop I work for also needs a website so I might try to get my bosses into it once I polish my skills up.

As of yesterday I've started learning JavaScript, it being my first real programming language it's kind of tough to wrap my head around but I'm confident I'll pick it up with consistent practice.

All in all it's been a really fun month, I've already learned more than I ever thought I would, and I can't wait to for wait the future has in store for me.